chore: more  migration. (#7)
timescale/documentation: api-reference/timescaledb/compression/alter_table_compression.mdx

---
title: ALTER TABLE (Compression)
description: Change compression settings on a compressed hypertable
topics: [compression]
keywords: [compression]
tags: [settings, hypertables, alter, change]
license: community
type: command
products: [cloud, mst, self_hosted]
---

import { HYPERTABLE, CHUNK, TIMESCALE_DB } from '/snippets/vars.mdx';

Old API since [{TIMESCALE_DB} v2.18.0](https://github.com/timescale/timescaledb/releases/tag/2.18.0). Replaced by [ALTER TABLE (Hypercore)][alter-table-hypercore].

> 'ALTER TABLE' statement is used to turn on compression and set compression options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ALTER TABLE` statement is used to turn on compression and set compression options.
```
